Panucci D-Bus interface

name: org.panucci.panucciInterface
path: /panucciInterface

play( )
    Starts playing the current file.

pause( )
    Pauses the current file.

stop( )
    Stops the current file and sets the current file to the first file in
    the playlist.

next( loop ) *
    Skips to the next track in the playlist.
    
    loop - If True, this will cause the playlist to loop to back to the
           beginning if the end of the playlist is reached.
    Returns True if it was possible to skip forward.

prev( loop ) *
    Skips to the previous track in the playlist.
    
    loop - If True, this will cause the playlist to loop to back to the
           beginning if trying to skip backwards before the first track.
    Returns True if it was possible to skip forward.

seek_by( amount ) *
    Seek "amount" in the current file.
    
    amount - The number of _nanoseconds_ to seek from the current position in
             the current file.

current_position( ) *
    Get the current position in the file.
    
    Returns the current position in _nanoseconds_ in the current file.

playPause( )
    Depending on the current status of the player, this will cause the
    opposite opperation to occur. Eg. If the player is paused, calling
    this will run play().

play_file( filepath )
    Erase the current playlist and start playing "filepath". If a custom
    playlist has been created the user will be prompted to save or erase
    the playlist.
    
    filepath - The full path to a compatible audio file.

queue_file( filepath )
    Add a file to the end of the playlist.
    
    filepath - The full path to a compatible audio file.

insert_file( position, filepath )
    Insert a file into the current playlist at "position".
    
    position - The position that the file should be inserted starting from 0.
    filepath - The full path to a compatible audio file.

load_directory( filepath, append )
    Create a playlist from all the files in a directory.
    
    filepath - The full path to a directory of audio files
    append   - If true, don't erase the playlist, just append files to the
               playlist. If false, the user will be asked if they'd like to
               overwrite the playlist.

show_main_window( )
    Brings the Panucci window to the front if it is obscured or minimized.



        Stars (*) indicate a function which still has to be implemented